READ ME
 The company security policies require all user accounts be password protected. Employees are required to choose secure passwords, however 
 this policy may not be currently enforced on this computer. It is very important to write down all passwords you change. 
 The presence of any non-work related media files and "hacking tools" on any computers is strictly prohibited. 
 This company currently does not use any centralized maintenance or polling tools to manage their IT equipment. This computer is for 
 official business use only by authorized users.
Company policy states that Windows Action Center should be enabled and monitoring the security status of desktop Windows operating systems
at all times.
This is a critical computer in a production environment. Please do NOT attempt to install Windows "Feature Updates" or
"Insider Preview Builds." Please do NOT attempt to use the Windows recovery options "Reset this PC" or "Go back to an earlier build". 
 It is company policy to use only Windows 10 on this computer. Management has decided that the default web browser for all users on this 
 computer should be the latest stable version of Firefox. However, Internet Explorer must be made available to all employees as an 
 alternative to Firefox. Employees should also have access to the latest stable version of Notepad++ for official company use.
Congratulations! You just recruited a promising new team member. Create a new Standard user account named "zachary" with a temporary
password of your choosing. Be sure to configure this account so that the password for zachary must be changed on next logon.
Critical Services:
    Remote Desktop Service
    Authorized Administrators:
lara (you)
	password: (blank/none)
jonah
	password: Littl3@birD
joslin
	password: 3ndur4N(e&home
conrad
	password: captain

Authorized Users:
samantha
angus
alex
jacob
sofia
nadia
ivan
abby
unuratu
etzli
zachary

conrad password change to CapT4lN
etzli changed to standard user
alex changed to standard user
Deleted konstantian and mathais
gave unuratu a password
added zachary
updated password policies
disabled ctrl-alt-del
disabled FTP
Turned on and updated Windows Defender
Deleted iTunes and Angry IP

