 The Mayor of Bigby wants to continue to improve the city's efficiency by using SCADA/ICS technology. The city will continue to use your
 consulting company, Advanced Field Applications Consulting LLC, to build a new SCADA/ICS (Supervisory Control and Data 
 quisition/Industrial Control Systems) system.

AFA will continue with phase 2 by installing routers and switches that will facilitate basic connectivity between street lights and 
cameras to the management servers located at the Public Works Office.

Your team is responsible for configuring new equipment that was recently installed in the Public Works Office. Your team must complete
its work today. Your team leader has provided information and instructions below.

The company security policies require all user accounts be password protected. Employees are required to choose secure passwords, however
this policy may not be currently enforced on this computer. It is very important to write down all passwords you change. The presence of
any non-work related media files and "hacking tools" on any computers is strictly prohibited. This company currently does not use any 
centralized maintenance or polling tools to manage their IT equipment. This computer is for official business use only by authorized
users.

This is a critical computer in a production environment. Please do NOT attempt to install Windows "Feature Updates" or 
"Insider Preview Builds." Please do NOT attempt to use the Windows recovery options "Reset this PC" or "Go back to an earlier build".
Windows Server 2016

It is company policy to use only Windows Server 2016 on this computer. Management has decided that the default web browser for all users
on this computer should be the latest stable version of Firefox. However, Internet Explorer must be made available to all employees as 
an alternative to Firefox. Employees should also have access to the latest stable version of Geany, 7-Zip, and PuTTY for official 
company use.

Your webmaster is going to install a company web site on this server that depends on IIS Word Wide Web Publishing Service (W3SVC) 
and PHP 5.6. Your webmaster will install the company web site as the default web site for this computer. You notified your web
developers that PHP 5.6 is no longer receiving security updates. Your web developers are hard at work adding support for PHP 7,
but for now PHP 5.6 is required for this web server.

Do not change the currently configured default website directory, or the PHP installation directory. Your webmaster needs these 
components to be in their current location so that it matches your testing environment.

Critical Services:

    IIS Web Server (W3SVC)

Authorized Administrators and Users

Authorized Administrators:
wukong (you)
	password: (Blank/None)
penny
	password: F!r3Wa11
jonesy
	password: $3rg3nt#
jess
	password: ^$c0ut_F1nD

Authorized Users:
izza
luna
rio
ken
calamity
kyle
banshee
wildcat
specter
raptor

deleted users and changed password policies 9 points
